>>> ALL YOUR IMPORTANT FILES ARE STOLEN AND ENCRYPTED <<<

Important:
- We have downloaded your files. Your data will be leaked In Darkweb within the next 72 hours.
- Contact us immediately to prevent data leakage and recover your files.

Your Decryption ID: 0000000000000000FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFF

Contact:
- Email-1: ithelp@firemail.de

- Email-2: ithelp01@firemail.de

Warning:
- Tampering with files or using third-party tools WILL cause permanent damage.
- Act fast! The price will increase if you delay.

No Response After 24 Hours: If you do not receive a reply from us within 24 hours,
please create a new, valid email address (e.g., from Gmail, Outlook, etc.), and send your message again using the new email address.

Free Decryption  :
- Send 3 small files (max 1MB) for free decryption.
<The test file is your right. And never pay without it because you must first make sure th tool works.>

1: Failure to Negotiate: 
If you refuse to negotiate with us and ignore our goodwill and honesty, you will bear full responsibility for all the consequences that follow.

2:Whatever who you are and what your title is if you're reading this it means the internal infrastructure of your company is fully or partially 
dead, all your backups - virtual, physical - everything that we managed to reach - are completely removed. Moreover, 
we have taken a great amount of your corporate data prior to encryption.

3: Well, for now let's keep all the tears and resentment to ourselves and try to build a constructive dialogue. 
We're fully aware of what damage we caused by locking your internal sources. At the moment, you have to know 

4 : Dealing with us you will save A LOT due to we are not interested in ruining your financially. We will study in depth your finance, 
bank & income statements, your savings, investments etc. and present our reasonable demand to you. If you have an active cyber insurance, 
let us know and we will guide you how to properly use it. Also, dragging out the negotiation process will lead to failing of a deal.

5. Paying us you save your TIME, MONEY, EFFORTS and be back on track within 24 hours approximately. 
Our decryptor works properly on any files or systems, 
so you will be able to check it by requesting a test decryption service from the beginning of our conversation. If you decide to recover on your own, 
keep in mind that you can permanently lose access to some files or accidently corrupt them - in this case we won't be able to help.


6. As for your data, if we fail to agree, we will try to sell personal information/trade secrets/databases/source codes - generally speaking, 
everything that has a value on the darkmarket - to multiple threat actors at ones.

7. We're more than negotiable and will definitely find the way to settle this quickly and reach an agreement which will satisfy both of us.

8. Do not share the Recoverynote file with any intermediaries or third parties who are not trusted by you. 
If you choose to cooperate with middleman websites or third-party individuals and your files become damaged or you are scammed, we bear no responsibility whatsoever.

9 .Dont hire recovery companies. Without the key, they cannot decrypt your files, and all they will do is make you waste more time and money. 
They do not care about your business. They may claim to be good negotiators, but that's not true and they usually fail. So, handle the negotiations yourself.